Improved cheat sheet (#129)
turion/rhine: CHEATSHEET.md

## Combinators

### General naming guideline
* `@` means roughly "at this rate"
* `*` means roughly "in data-parallel"
* `|` and `+` both roughly means "in time-parallel"
* `>` and `-` are in the direction of data flow

### Common combinators

#### SN composition

##### Sequential composition
| Operator        | Description                                                                                | Simplified Type Signature                                                |
|-----------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `>>>` and `<<<` | Arrow composition                                                                          | `Category cat => cat a b -> cat b c -> cat a c`                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `>>>` and `<<<` | Arrow composition                                                                          | `ClSF m cl a b -> ClSF m cl b c -> ClSF m cl a c`                        |
```

| `>->` and `<-<` | Same as `>>>` and `<<<` but with higher operator precedence                                |                                                                          |
| `^>>>`          | Precompose a signal network with a pure function                                           | `(a -> b) -> SN m cl b c -> SN m cl a c`                                 |
| `>>>^`          | Postcompose a signal network with a pure function                                          | `SN m cl a b -> (b -> c) -> SN m cl a c`                                 |

##### Parallel composition
| Operator   | Clock Type | Input Type | Output Type | Resulting Type                             |
|------------|------------|------------|-------------|--------------------------------------------|
| `****`     | Same       | Different  | Different   | `SN m cl (a, c) (b, d)`                    |
| `++++`     | Different  | Same       | Different   | `SN m (ParClock m clL clR) a (Either b c)` |
| `\|\|\|\|` | Different  | Same       | Same        | `SN m (ParClock m clL clR) a b`            |

> ##### Parallel rhine composition

Reviewer: Is it possible to explain `||@` and `@||` together, i.e. describe how `rhine1 ||@ schedule @|| rhine2` work? If you ever need to talk about the intermediate type `RhineParallelAndSchedule`, make clear that it is only necessary to define the "ternary" operator `_ ||@ _ @|| _`.

Reviewer: Keep in mind that this is a cheatsheet, which one could ideally print on one or two pages, or open in a separate tab without scrolling around too much. Extra documentation has to go elsewhere. But feel free to start a `doc` directory and collect longer texts like this there!

To compose two `Rhine`s in parallel we need a shared `Schedule` between those two. To share a `Schedule` between two `Rhine`s we need to first construct a `RhineParallelAndSchedule` out of one `Rhine` and one `Schedule`. To do this we can use the constructor `RhineParallelAndSchedule` or the aliases `||@` or `++@`. Then we need to combine that resulting `RhineParallelAndSchedule` with another `Rhine` using `@||` or `@++`

| Operator   | Resulting Type                                     |
|------------|----------------------------------------------------|
| `@\|\|`    | `Rhine m (ParallelClock m clL clR) a b`            |
| `@++`      | `Rhine m (ParallelClock m clL clR) a (Either b c)` |

> ###### Relation between |||| and @||, ++++ and @++

Reviewer: Same as the comment above. Longer text and explanation has to go to another place than the cheatsheet. Maybe there could be a file `docs/Operators.md` that explains at length what kinds of operators there are, how they work, and when to use them? As a first approximation, you can simply move these texts there.
